we set the door ki as easy
set the door of the cinema cabinet for this
our task
immerse the sole inside one of the faces
our door for the easiest quick
way to buy matching drill bit on
35 millimeter typical connector needed
and drill out in one motion
the whole cavity in the door like this
yes how are we going to set the doors for
this we first extinct that we have it
we will have an invoice door to that is her
the face we completely cover the edges we
We put and mark the place where
the door to will not bother us for
internal internal internal parts
fittings here's the top you will do
mark
set the corner to
observe the correct parallel
bizley attachment
spin Samara go help
drilled holes in the walls fasten
small faults of one to two millimeters
can be corrected by this mechanism
up and down back and forth
the second door is set as not
stop average comes out that's all
century are overhead i mean
completely closes the ribs on which
mounted central derek will
being internal folding allows
believe it to be positioned ribs